Name: Ghost
No.: 1
Description: Spirits of the dead that appear before the living.

Name: Witch
No.: 2
Description: A person who inhabits magical abilities. Although the word "witch"
is often used for females, there are also male witches.

Name: Vampire
No.: 3
Description: A creature that lives on the vital essence of the living,
usually blood. They are weak to garlic and stakes, and it is said that a
vampire cannot enter a house before it is invited in. Vampires usually attack
by sinking their teeth into the victims and draining them for blood. A vampire's
bite can also turn another human into a vampire. The most famous vampire
in fiction is undoubtedly Dracula.

Name: Dragon
No.: 4
Description: A huge lizard-like creature with wings that can breathe fire.
They are often fierce opponents in fairy tales and also usually the main
antagonist in them.

Name: Werewolf
No.: 5
Description: Part man, part wolf. A werewolf is a human with the ability to
transform into a wolf (or a wolf-like creature standing on two legs). This
usually happens whenever the full moon rises. It is said that a werewolf can
turn another human into a werewolf by biting or scratching them.

Name: Zombie
No.: 6
Description: Living corpses that seek the living for food. In fiction they
usually feed on brains, but sometimes they also eat any part of the human body.
Like the werewolf or vampire, a zombie's bite can also turn other humans into
zombies.

Name: Siren
No.: 7
Description: Dangerous creatures who lure sailors with their enchanting music
and singing voices to shipwreck on the rocky coast of their island. Sirens
have been described as having a bird's body, but a woman's head. Other times
they've been described as beautiful women, both in voice and body. Most sirens
in art are depicted as women, but there are also male sirens. Their favorite
instruments are harps and lyres.

Name: Skeleton
No.: 8
Description: All humans have skeletons inside them, but these monsters walk
around without flesh and skin. They are often used as common enemies in
video games.
